Add more `Duplicated` methods for Enzyme.jl support (#2471)
FluxML/Flux.jl: NEWS.md

See also [github's page](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl/releases) for a complete list of PRs merged before each release.

> ## v0.15.0

Author: ```suggestion
## v0.15.0  (December 2024)
```

  Now Flux re-exports the optimisers from Optimisers.jl. Most users will be uneffected by this change.
  The module is still available for now, but will be removed in a future release.
* Most Flux layers will [re-use memory via `NNlib.bias_act!`](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl/pull/2327), when possible.

> * Further support for Enzyme.jl, via methods of `Flux.gradient`.
>   This still defaults to Zygote, but is no longer `=== Zygote.gradient`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Further support for Enzyme.jl, via methods of `Flux.gradient(loss, Duplicated(model))`.
  Flux now owns & exports `gradient`, but without `Duplicated` this still defaults to calling Zygote.jl.
```
